Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/acra-in-depth/architecture/_index.md

### Additional useful tooling

> * [AcraWebConfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig/) (deprecated after 0.90.0) — a lightweight HTTP web server for managing AcraServer's certain configuration options at runtime by clicking rather than updating configuration files manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AcraWebConfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig/) (deprecated since 0.91.0) — a lightweight HTTP web server for managing AcraServer's certain configuration options at runtime by clicking rather than updating configuration files manually.
```
